Tweak README file and setup.py (#431)
EducationalTestingService/rsmtool: doc/getting_started.rst

1. To install ``conda``, follow the instructions on `this page <https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html>`_. 

> 2. Create a new conda environment (say, ``rsmtool``) and install the RSMTool conda package for, say, Python 3.8 by running::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new conda environment (say, ``rsmtool``) and install the RSMTool conda package using your preferred Python version. For example, for Python 3.8 run::
```
